[Google Drive] Add connector documentation (#1230)
elastic/connectors-python: docs/reference/google_drive.md

# Google Drive Connector

The [Elastic Google Drive connector](../connectors/sources/google_drive.py) is provided in the Elastic connectors python framework and can be used via [build a connector](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).

## Availability and prerequisites

This connector is available as a **connector client** from the **Python connectors framework**. To use this connector, satisfy all [connector client requirements](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/build-connector.html).

This connector is in **beta** and is subject to change. The design and code is less mature than official GA features and is being provided as-is with no warranties. Beta features are not subject to the support SLA of official GA features.

## Usage

To use this connector as a **connector client**, use the **Google Drive** tile from the connectors list or **Customized connector** workflow.

For additional operations, see [Usage](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/connectors-usage.html).

## Configuring the Google Drive Connector:

> You need to configure the Google Drive connector before syncing the data. Fot this you need to create a [service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-overview) with appropriate access to Google Drive API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to configure the Google Drive connector before syncing any data. For this you need to create a [service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-overview) with appropriate access to Google Drive API.
```

To get started, log into [Google Cloud Platform](cloud.google.com) and go to the `Console`.

1. **Create a Google Cloud Project.** Give your project a name, change the project ID and click the Create button.

2. **Enable Google APIs.** Choose APIs & Services from the left menu and click on `Enable APIs and Services`. You need to enable the Drive API.

3. **Create a Service Account.** In the `APIs & Services` section, click on `Credentials` and click on `Create credentials` to create a service account. Give your service account a name and a service account ID. This is like an email address and will be used to identify your service account in the future. Click `Done` to finish creating the service account.

> 4. **Create a Key File**. In the Cloud Console, go to IAM and Admin > Service accounts page. Click the email address of the service account that you want to create a key for. Click the `Keys` tab. Click the `Add key` drop-down menu, then select `Create new key`. Select JSON as the Key type and then click `Create`. This will download a JSON file that will contain the service account credentials.

Reviewer: Nit: This feels like it could be a dot-point list of actions. It's hard to follow progress as a paragraph.

Author: Sure, will split this up.

### Configuration

The following configuration fields need to be provided for setting up the connector:
##### `Google Drive service account JSON`
For Google Drive API, a service account JSON contains credentials and configuration information for your service account. This is the content of a JSON file obtained from step 4. of **Configuring the Google Drive Connector**.

The service account JSON file includes the following information:

- `Client ID`: A unique identifier for the service account.
- `Client Email`: The email address associated with the service account.
- `Private Key`: A private key used to authenticate requests made by the service account.
- `Private Key ID`: An identifier for the private key.
- `Token URI`: The URI where the service account can obtain an access token.
- `Project ID`: The ID of the Google Cloud project associated with the service account.

> - `Auth URI`, Token URI, Auth Provider X509 Cert URL: URLs used for authentication and authorization purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Auth URI`, `Token URI`, `Auth Provider X509 Cert URL`: URLs used for authentication and authorization purposes.
```
